I added glitter to a few more of the flowers
, as you can see here. I really wanted this
bag to sparkle. So the next thing I'm going
to do is adhere this designer series paper
to my solid paper. And when you're working
with glitter; as you can see I've got it all
over me, so just give up. It will be everywhere,
but it's a lot of fun. So, when you leave
the house just check your face. Make sure
you don't have any glitter still left on your
face. And, if you do, that's ok too. So, I'm
lining up this paper, using my grid paper
here to line it up, make sure it's even. And
then the next thing I want to do is I want
to add a little bit of ribbon, because I'm
going to hang a tag from it. So I'm going
to go ahead and give myself some ribbon. And
I'm using the wide 5/8" gross grain ribbon,
and this is the very vanilla. And I'm just
going to tie a little knot on this one side.
Right over left, left over right. And when
you get ready to tie it tight, you just give
it one little twist and your bow will lay
flat. All right, now I'm going to trim up
my bow. So that's nice and pretty. And I'm
going to make a little tag that's going to
hang from that. And to do that, I have my
1 3/8" circle punch, and I'm just going to
cut out this flower that coordinates with
this paper. And again, I'm going to put a
little more bling on this package, so, I'm
going to go ahead and put some glue, just
outlining this flower, and of course, the
center. I'm going to dip that into my dazzling
diamonds. Why not? I've got it everywhere
already. And then I'm going to use my scallop
punch, and I'm going to punch a background
for this. I'm using the coordinating paper.
But I want the green side. And I'm just going
to adhere that to that scalloped circle. And
then the next thing that I'm going to do is
I'm going to adhere this with a little string
to the ribbon, and then we can put the whole
bag together and you'll see what a wonderful
gift bag you'll have.